# William E. Kitson
## About Me
I am a naturally inquisitive software engineer with a passion for elegant design, beautifully written code, and the application of scientific processes to software development. I have a firm understanding of architectural principles, the object-oriented and functional paradigms, I practise test-driven development, and I work hard to design, define, and refine maintainable and scalable code. I hold myself to a strict code of engineering ethics and respect the responsibility of producing quality work. I am a disciplined, frictionless team worker with a growth mindset and desire to collaborate with top-tier engineers and develop great software.
I have been a Software Developer since 2018. I wrote my first lines of code over that summer in preparation for my first university degree, Computer Games Software Development, where I achieved a Diploma of Higher Education. I used this personal and university experience to develop a Game Engine from scratch; you can find an in-progress version of it here in the ‘Ability’ repo. In my spare time, I discovered my passion for Test-Driven Development and Clean Coding. 
After university, I worked as a full-time Software Engineer for MOR Solutions Ltd developing administrative software for the leisure industry in a full-stack environment. Here I honed my craft as a web developer, skills I would later expand with my second university degree.  
Today, I am once again a full-time student at Solent University completing my Software Engineering degree, I’m currently averaging a first across my modules. I have ambitions to further my education with a masters degree in Cybersecurity. Please find my assessment repos within this account.

# About this account
I have created this professional profile to archive exemplar projects from my personal and academic profiles, BEELZEBLUBBER and 4kitsw10 respectively. Here you will find a collection of microservices that compose my homebrew Game Engine alongside my academic assessment projects. 
Thank you for your time, please feel free to explore my work to your hearts content!
